{
  "payload": {
    "allShortcutsEnabled": true,
    "fileTree": {
      "": {
        "items": [
          {
            "name": ".github",
            "path": ".github",
            "contentType": "directory"
          },
          {
            "name": ".idea",
            "path": ".idea",
            "contentType": "directory"
          },
          {
            "name": "src",
            "path": "src",
            "contentType": "directory"
          },
          {
            "name": ".gitignore",
            "path": ".gitignore",
            "contentType": "file"
          },
          {
            "name": "package.ps1",
            "path": "package.ps1",
            "contentType": "file"
          },
          {
            "name": "saved-replies.md",
            "path": "saved-replies.md",
            "contentType": "file"
          }
        ],
        "totalCount": 6
      }
    },
    "fileTreeProcessingTime": 1.677355,
    "foldersToFetch": [],
    "reducedMotionEnabled": "system",
    "repo": {
      "id": 687198978,
      "defaultBranch": "main",
      "name": "ParticularSavedReplies",
      "ownerLogin": "awright18",
      "currentUserCanPush": true,
      "isFork": false,
      "isEmpty": false,
      "createdAt": "2023-09-04T16:16:01.000-05:00",
      "ownerAvatar": "https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1014386?v=4",
      "public": true,
      "private": false,
      "isOrgOwned": false
    },
    "symbolsExpanded": true,
    "treeExpanded": false,
    "refInfo": {
      "name": "main",
      "listCacheKey": "v0:1693875612.0",
      "canEdit": true,
      "refType": "branch",
      "currentOid": "9f325610ee9dc1da94a65c64027c358d13d515c0"
    },
    "path": "saved-replies.md",
    "currentUser": {
      "id": 1014386,
      "login": "awright18",
      "userEmail": "awright18@gmail.com"
    },
    "blob": {
      "rawLines": null,
      "stylingDirectives": null,
      "csv": null,
      "csvError": null,
      "dependabotInfo": {
        "showConfigurationBanner": null,
        "configFilePath": null,
        "networkDependabotPath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/network/updates",
        "dismissConfigurationNoticePath": "/settings/dismiss-notice/dependabot_configuration_notice",
        "configurationNoticeDismissed": false,
        "repoAlertsPath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/security/dependabot",
        "repoSecurityAndAnalysisPath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/settings/security_analysis",
        "repoOwnerIsOrg": false,
        "currentUserCanAdminRepo": true
      },
      "displayName": "saved-replies.md",
      "displayUrl": "https://github.com/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md?raw=true",
      "headerInfo": {
        "blobSize": "16 KB",
        "deleteInfo": {
          "deleteTooltip": "Delete this file"
        },
        "editInfo": {
          "editTooltip": "Edit this file"
        },
        "ghDesktopPath": "x-github-client://openRepo/https://github.com/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies?branch=main&filepath=saved-replies.md",
        "gitLfsPath": null,
        "onBranch": true,
        "shortPath": "315babb",
        "siteNavLoginPath": "/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fawright18%2FParticularSavedReplies%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fsaved-replies.md",
        "isCSV": false,
        "isRichtext": true,
        "toc": [
          {
            "level": 1,
            "text": "Company-wide saved reply templates",
            "anchor": "company-wide-saved-reply-templates",
            "htmlText": "Company-wide saved reply templates"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Guidelines",
            "anchor": "guidelines",
            "htmlText": "Guidelines"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Status update",
            "anchor": "status-update",
            "htmlText": "Status update"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Task force volunteering",
            "anchor": "task-force-volunteering",
            "htmlText": "Task force volunteering"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Time extension request",
            "anchor": "time-extension-request",
            "htmlText": "Time extension request"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Closing Issues",
            "anchor": "closing-issues",
            "htmlText": "Closing Issues"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Final retrospective",
            "anchor": "final-retrospective",
            "htmlText": "Final retrospective"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Interim retrospective",
            "anchor": "interim-retrospective",
            "htmlText": "Interim retrospective"
          },
          {
            "level": 2,
            "text": "Recording signal on Vision issues",
            "anchor": "recording-signal-on-vision-issues",
            "htmlText": "Recording signal on Vision issues"
          }
        ],
        "lineInfo": {
          "truncatedLoc": "323",
          "truncatedSloc": "198"
        },
        "mode": "file"
      },
      "image": false,
      "isCodeownersFile": null,
      "isPlain": false,
      "isValidLegacyIssueTemplate": false,
      "issueTemplateHelpUrl": "https://docs.github.com/articles/about-issue-and-pull-request-templates",
      "issueTemplate": null,
      "discussionTemplate": null,
      "language": "Markdown",
      "languageID": 222,
      "large": false,
      "loggedIn": true,
      "newDiscussionPath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/discussions/new",
      "newIssuePath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/issues/new",
      "planSupportInfo": {
        "repoIsFork": null,
        "repoOwnedByCurrentUser": null,
        "requestFullPath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md",
        "showFreeOrgGatedFeatureMessage": null,
        "showPlanSupportBanner": null,
        "upgradeDataAttributes": null,
        "upgradePath": null
      },
      "publishBannersInfo": {
        "dismissActionNoticePath": "/settings/dismiss-notice/publish_action_from_dockerfile",
        "dismissStackNoticePath": "/settings/dismiss-notice/publish_stack_from_file",
        "releasePath": "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/releases/new?marketplace=true",
        "showPublishActionBanner": false,
        "showPublishStackBanner": false
      },
      "renderImageOrRaw": false,
      "richText": "<article class=\"markdown-body entry-content container-lg\" itemprop=\"text\"><h1 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-company-wide-saved-reply-templates\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#company-wide-saved-reply-templates\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Company-wide saved reply templates</h1>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use these templates as saved replies.</p>\n<p dir=\"auto\">Each time these templates are changed, those changes must be announced, and all staff members must manually update their saved replies to the latest templates. For this reason, changes should not be made too often.</p>\n<p dir=\"auto\">All changes other than minor typo or grammar fixes should be RFC'd. If in doubt, RFC the changes.</p>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-guidelines\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#guidelines\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Guidelines</h2>\n<ul dir=\"auto\">\n<li>\n<p dir=\"auto\">The top heading in the template should be an H2 (<code>##</code>) which identifies what type of comment this is. H2 headings give the visual indication of the underline without being as obnoxiously large as an H1.</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p dir=\"auto\">All other headings should be H3 (<code>###</code>).</p>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p dir=\"auto\">Headings can have a single emoji at the start of the line.</p>\n<ul dir=\"auto\">\n<li>This serves as a \"visual bullet\" and helps people scanning comments to find what they need quickly.</li>\n<li>Do not use multiple emojis for different nouns in the heading. Use the one emoji that fits best.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p dir=\"auto\">To <a href=\"https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-connect-the-dots\">connect the dots</a>, templates need an inconspicuous section that links them back to the template source. This section needs to include the version so people can verify if their own version is up-to-date. You shouldn't delete this section when making a comment.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/baking.md#making-pie) version 2022-03-14&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre>&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/baking.md#making-pie</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2022-03-14&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-status-update\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#status-update\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Status update</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"## 📝 Status update\n\n### ✔ What has been done\n\n#### Copied from previous planned work\n\n&lt;!-- Copy/paste the &quot;What to expect&quot; items from the last status update, indicating the status of each one using ✔️ (completed), 〰️ (in-progress) or ❌ (not yet started). Of course, if additional work was done, it should be included as well. --&gt;\n\n#### Additional work\n\n### ⚠ Risks\n\n&lt;!--\nReplace the default value &quot;None&quot; with a list all current risks that the squad should be aware of. Any risks mentioned in previous status updates that are still present should be &quot;carried forward&quot; to this status update.\n\nFor each risk listed:\n\n- Make sure it clearly identifies which specific goal is at risk, and how, or if it is a risk to completing on time, or if it's something else.\n- Consider quantifying the risk: https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/definitions/risk.md#quantified-risk\n- Describe the action, if any, the task force will take to mitigate the risk.\n- Describe the action, if any, the squad needs to take in relation to the risk.\n\nRisks to always consider:\n\n- Scope: If the scope has changed and the assignees no longer have sufficient knowledge or skills, that should be stated explicitly. The assignees may decide to spend the money to bring in an outside consultant according to https://github.com/Particular/Risk/blob/master/policies/finances/financial-decision-making.md#level-7-and-above\n- Availability: Has the availability of involved staff members changed?\n- Delay of next update: If there will be a [significant delay](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#making-progress) until the next status update, please explain the reason for the delay\n--&gt;\n\nNone\n\n### 📅 What to expect\n\n&lt;!-- What is planned, and when, before the next status update --&gt;\n\nNext status update planned: DATE\n\n- [ ] The plan of action or project board is up-to-date as of this status update\n\n&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#providing-status-updates) version 2023-08-03&lt;!--keystring:statusupdate--&gt;&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">## <span class=\"pl-en\">📝 Status update</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">✔ What has been done</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">#### <span class=\"pl-en\">Copied from previous planned work</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Copy/paste the \"What to expect\" items from the last status update, indicating the status of each one using ✔️ (completed), 〰️ (in-progress) or ❌ (not yet started). Of course, if additional work was done, it should be included as well. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">#### <span class=\"pl-en\">Additional work</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">⚠ Risks</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">Replace the default value \"None\" with a list all current risks that the squad should be aware of. Any risks mentioned in previous status updates that are still present should be \"carried forward\" to this status update.</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">For each risk listed:</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Make sure it clearly identifies which specific goal is at risk, and how, or if it is a risk to completing on time, or if it's something else.</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Consider quantifying the risk: https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/definitions/risk.md#quantified-risk</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Describe the action, if any, the task force will take to mitigate the risk.</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Describe the action, if any, the squad needs to take in relation to the risk.</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">Risks to always consider:</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Scope: If the scope has changed and the assignees no longer have sufficient knowledge or skills, that should be stated explicitly. The assignees may decide to spend the money to bring in an outside consultant according to https://github.com/Particular/Risk/blob/master/policies/finances/financial-decision-making.md#level-7-and-above</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Availability: Has the availability of involved staff members changed?</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Delay of next update: If there will be a [significant delay](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#making-progress) until the next status update, please explain the reason for the delay</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\nNone\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">📅 What to expect</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> What is planned, and when, before the next status update <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\nNext status update planned: DATE\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> The plan of action or project board is up-to-date as of this status update\n\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#providing-status-updates</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2023-08-03<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span>keystring:statusupdate<span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-task-force-volunteering\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#task-force-volunteering\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Task force volunteering</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"## 🖐️ Volunteering\n\nAs of {today/date}, I have the capacity to join this task force.\n\n### 🧠 My skills and knowledge\n\n&lt;!--\nCopy and paste the required skills and knowledge listed in the issue description and indicate your level of proficiency against each point with a comment in italics. It's also useful to use :heavy_check_mark:, :wavy_dash:, and :x: as visual aids. For example:\n\n- :x: flummoxing wigwats – _no experience_\n- :wavy_dash: balooking mifwits – _some experience_\n- :heavy_check_mark: marselling flibberies – _good experience_\n--&gt;\n\n-\n\n### 🗓️ My availability and capacity\n\nMy time zone is {TIMEZONE_NAME} (UTC+{hours}).\n\nMy usual working hours are {Monday} to {Friday}, {09:00} to {17:00} local TMZ ({15:00} to {23:00} UTC).\n\nMy availability and capacity during the next few weeks may be impacted by:\n\n&lt;!-- List absences longer than 2 days, or anything else that may affect your availability or capacity, like high-intensity task forces. Remove lines that do not apply --&gt;\n\n- I'm currently on {number} task force(s).\n- I'm currently on a high-intensity task force.\n\n\n&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/staffing-task-forces.md#volunteering) version 2023-06-15&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">## <span class=\"pl-en\">🖐️ Volunteering</span></span>\n\nAs of {today/date}, I have the capacity to join this task force.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">🧠 My skills and knowledge</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">Copy and paste the required skills and knowledge listed in the issue description and indicate your level of proficiency against each point with a comment in italics. It's also useful to use :heavy_check_mark:, :wavy_dash:, and :x: as visual aids. For example:</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- :x: flummoxing wigwats – _no experience_</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- :wavy_dash: balooking mifwits – _some experience_</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- :heavy_check_mark: marselling flibberies – _good experience_</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">-</span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">🗓️ My availability and capacity</span></span>\n\nMy time zone is {TIMEZONE_NAME} (UTC+{hours}).\n\nMy usual working hours are {Monday} to {Friday}, {09:00} to {17:00} local TMZ ({15:00} to {23:00} UTC).\n\nMy availability and capacity during the next few weeks may be impacted by:\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> List absences longer than 2 days, or anything else that may affect your availability or capacity, like high-intensity task forces. Remove lines that do not apply <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> I'm currently on {number} task force(s).\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> I'm currently on a high-intensity task force.\n\n\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/staffing-task-forces.md#volunteering</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2023-06-15&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-time-extension-request\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#time-extension-request\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Time extension request</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"## ⏰ Time extension request\n\n_For [timeboxed issues](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/issue-definition.md#timeboxed-issues) only._\n\n- [ ] The [guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/organizational-roles/task-force.md#adjusting-a-timebox) have been followed.\n\n| Item | Value |\n|------|-------|\n| Task force members confirm availability | @taskforcemember1, @taskforcemember2, @taskforcemember3 |\n| [Interim retrospective](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#interim-retrospective)     | _Link_ &lt;!-- Or note detailing why one is not needed --&gt; |\n| Additional time requested | _Time_ |\n| Proposed new end date     | _Date_ |\n\n### Justification\n\n\n\n### Squad checklist\n\n- [ ] Review the [time extension guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/organizational-roles/task-force.md#adjusting-a-timebox)\n- [ ] Validate that the proposed end date appears reasonable to complete the outstanding goals\n- [ ] Make a comment either granting the extension or denying it with an explanation.\n  - [ ] If the extension was granted, update the time and effort section with the new end date\n\n&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/organizational-roles/task-force.md#adjusting-a-timebox) version 2023-07-20&lt;!--keystring:timeextension--&gt;&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">## <span class=\"pl-en\">⏰ Time extension request</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>For <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>timeboxed issues<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/issue-definition.md#timeboxed-issues</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> only.<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> The <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/organizational-roles/task-force.md#adjusting-a-timebox</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> have been followed.\n\n<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> Item <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> Value <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>\n<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>------<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>-------<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>\n<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> Task force members confirm availability <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">@<span class=\"pl-corl\">taskforcemember1</span></span>, <span class=\"pl-s\">@<span class=\"pl-corl\">taskforcemember2</span></span>, <span class=\"pl-s\">@<span class=\"pl-corl\">taskforcemember3</span></span> <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>\n<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>Interim retrospective<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#interim-retrospective</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span>     <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>Link<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> <span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Or note detailing why one is not needed <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span> <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>\n<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> Additional time requested <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>Time<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>\n<span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> Proposed new end date     <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>Date<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> <span class=\"pl-ml\">|</span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Justification</span></span>\n\n\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Squad checklist</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Review the <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>time extension guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/organizational-roles/task-force.md#adjusting-a-timebox</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span>\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Validate that the proposed end date appears reasonable to complete the outstanding goals\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Make a comment either granting the extension or denying it with an explanation.\n  <span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> If the extension was granted, update the time and effort section with the new end date\n\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/organizational-roles/task-force.md#adjusting-a-timebox</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2023-07-20<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span>keystring:timeextension<span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-closing-issues\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#closing-issues\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Closing Issues</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\"><em><strong>The section headers used in this template are used for <a href=\"https://github.com/Particular/InternalAutomation/blob/master/docs/functions.md#announce-closed-issue\">automation</a> and must not be changed without a corresponding change to the automation.</strong></em></p>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"## 🚀 This is done\n\n&lt;!-- IMPORTANT: do not change the section headers in this template in any way. They are used for automation and must remain exactly as they are. --&gt;\n\n### ✔ What has been done\n\n&lt;!--\nBe specific enough about what the task force did:\n- Explain the outcome/output/decision/result of this work\n- Keep in mind that the ideal recipient is everyone in the organization\n- List crucial things, not details. Imagine you're presenting to an audience or writing a blog post\n--&gt;\n\n- Outcome 1\n- Outcome 2\n\n### 🏺 Artifacts\n\n&lt;!-- Link any relevant artifacts that were created, like documentation, demos, or RFCs, with a brief description of what they are. --&gt;\n\n- Artifact 1\n- Artifact 2\n\n&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#closing-issues) version 2023-01-17&lt;!--keystring:issuedone--&gt;&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">## <span class=\"pl-en\">🚀 This is done</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> IMPORTANT: do not change the section headers in this template in any way. They are used for automation and must remain exactly as they are. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">✔ What has been done</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">Be specific enough about what the task force did:</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Explain the outcome/output/decision/result of this work</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- Keep in mind that the ideal recipient is everyone in the organization</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\">- List crucial things, not details. Imagine you're presenting to an audience or writing a blog post</span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> Outcome 1\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> Outcome 2\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">🏺 Artifacts</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Link any relevant artifacts that were created, like documentation, demos, or RFCs, with a brief description of what they are. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> Artifact 1\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> Artifact 2\n\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#closing-issues</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2023-01-17<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span>keystring:issuedone<span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-final-retrospective\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#final-retrospective\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Final retrospective</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"## Final retrospective\n\nDate: YYYY-MM-DD\n\n&lt;!-- If relevant use notes from previous interim retrospectives as input for the final retrospective. --&gt;\n\n### Facilitation\n\n- [ ] Consider which, if any, [facilitation](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md) activities to list in the _What went well_ and _What could have gone better_ sections.\n\n### What went well\n\n- ...\n- ...\n\n### What could have gone better\n\n- ...\n- ...\n\n### Peer-to-peer feedback\n\n- [ ] Reflect on aspects of personal behavior brought up during kickoff that task members have identified that they are working on improving and give them feedback on those topics. This can be done privately if desired.\n- [ ] Each task force member has considered, what, if any, [peer-to-peer feedback to give](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#feedback) (apart from feedback specifically solicited in the previous point), either during the retrospective or privately.\n  - [ ] This includes sharing observations, asking questions, and other &quot;micro-feedback&quot; on topics that felt even a little bit off, or gave you pause, even if it's the first time you noticed them. Try not to worry about it possibly appearing as &quot;nitpicking&quot;.\n- [ ] Consider giving [High Fives](/Career-Development/peer-feedback/README.md#highfives) to individuals for meaningful contributions or values-centric behavior, or to the group as a whole.\n\n### Record observations\n\nDo not forget to [record any observations](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-record-observations) that could be relevant to [track developments](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-track-developments). Track observations in [Observations DB issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3AParticular%20label%3A%22Observations%20DB%22&amp;type=issues) (create new issues if required). \n\n- _{observation}_, tracked in _{issue number}_\n\n### Update stakeholder needs database\n\n- [ ] Review the [stakeholder needs database](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/tree/master/stakeholder-needs) and see if anything needs to be [altered or added](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/stakeholder-needs/describe-and-format.md) based on the stakeholder needs listed on the issue.\n\n### Action points\n\n&lt;!-- Don't forget to look at the &quot;What could have gone better&quot; and &quot;What went well&quot; points and try to find ways to make them actionable. --&gt;\n&lt;!-- For any work identified as part of this retrospective, add items to the POA to represent that work. --&gt;\n&lt;!-- For anything added to the POA, link the output of any work done in order to [connect the dots](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-connect-the-dots) --&gt;\n\n- [ ] All work identified as part of this retrospective has been added to the POA.\n\n### Improvements\n\nIf the organization were to do another issue like this one, what possibly different things would we like to try?\n\n- ...\n- ...\n\n&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#final-retrospective) version 2023-08-28&lt;!--keystring:final-retrospective--&gt;&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">## <span class=\"pl-en\">Final retrospective</span></span>\n\nDate: YYYY-MM-DD\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> If relevant use notes from previous interim retrospectives as input for the final retrospective. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Facilitation</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Consider which, if any, <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>facilitation<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> activities to list in the <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>What went well<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> and <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>What could have gone better<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> sections.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">What went well</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">What could have gone better</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Peer-to-peer feedback</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Reflect on aspects of personal behavior brought up during kickoff that task members have identified that they are working on improving and give them feedback on those topics. This can be done privately if desired.\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Each task force member has considered, what, if any, <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>peer-to-peer feedback to give<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#feedback</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> (apart from feedback specifically solicited in the previous point), either during the retrospective or privately.\n  <span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> This includes sharing observations, asking questions, and other \"micro-feedback\" on topics that felt even a little bit off, or gave you pause, even if it's the first time you noticed them. Try not to worry about it possibly appearing as \"nitpicking\".\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Consider giving <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>High Fives<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">/Career-Development/peer-feedback/README.md#highfives</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> to individuals for meaningful contributions or values-centric behavior, or to the group as a whole.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Record observations</span></span>\n\nDo not forget to <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>record any observations<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-record-observations</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> that could be relevant to <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>track developments<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-track-developments</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span>. Track observations in <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>Observations DB issues<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/search?q=org%3AParticular%20label%3A%22Observations%20DB%22&amp;type=issues</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> (create new issues if required). \n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>{observation}<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>, tracked in <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>{issue number}<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Update stakeholder needs database</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Review the <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>stakeholder needs database<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/tree/master/stakeholder-needs</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> and see if anything needs to be <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>altered or added<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/stakeholder-needs/describe-and-format.md</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> based on the stakeholder needs listed on the issue.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Action points</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Don't forget to look at the \"What could have gone better\" and \"What went well\" points and try to find ways to make them actionable. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> For any work identified as part of this retrospective, add items to the POA to represent that work. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> For anything added to the POA, link the output of any work done in order to [connect the dots](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-connect-the-dots) <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> All work identified as part of this retrospective has been added to the POA.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Improvements</span></span>\n\nIf the organization were to do another issue like this one, what possibly different things would we like to try?\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#final-retrospective</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2023-08-28<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span>keystring:final-retrospective<span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-interim-retrospective\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#interim-retrospective\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Interim retrospective</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"## Interim retrospective\n\nDate: YYYY-MM-DD\n\n### Facilitation\n\n- [ ] Consider which, if any, [facilitation](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md) activities to list in the _What went well_ and _What could have gone better_ sections.\n\n### Evaluating progress\n\nNow is a good time for the task force to [evaluate their progress](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#evaluating-progress) towards achieving the goals of the issue.\n\n- [ ] If the task force is timeboxed, consider whether an extension is required to achieve the remaining goals or outcomes.\n- [ ] Are there PoA or project board items in place to reflect the unmet nature of these goals?\n- [ ] Are there new obstacles or problems that have arisen that need to be overcome before the original goals can be reached?\n- [ ] Have any other goals or outcomes that should be pursued instead of the original goals or outcomes requested been communicated to the squad?\n- [ ] Does the current task force have the skill and knowledge to tackle the changes to scope if the issue has been rescoped?\n- [ ] If the interim retrospective is in support of a time extension request, which is not the _first_ time extension request (i.e. it is second/third/etc.), the task force should retrospect on, and document, why the things causing the time extension request were not known at the time of the previous time extension request.\n\n### What went well\n\n- ...\n- ...\n\n### What could have gone better\n\n- ...\n- ...\n\n### Peer-to-peer feedback\n\n- [ ] Reflect on aspects of personal behavior brought up during kickoff that task members have identified that they are working on improving and give them feedback on those topics. This can be done privately, if desired\n- [ ] Each task force member has considered, what, if any, [peer-to-peer feedback to give](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#feedback) (apart from feedback specifically solicited in the previous point), either during the retrospective or privately.\n  - [ ] This includes sharing observations, asking questions, and other &quot;micro-feedback&quot; on topics that felt even a little bit off, or gave you pause, even if it's the first time you noticed them. Try not to worry about it possibly appearing as &quot;nitpicking&quot;.\n\n### Record observations\n\nDo not forget to [record any observations](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-record-observations) that could be relevant to [track developments](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-track-developments). Track observations in [Observations DB issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3AParticular%20label%3A%22Observations%20DB%22&amp;type=issues) (create new issues if required).\n\n- _{observation}_, tracked in _{issue number}_\n\n### Action points\n\n&lt;!-- Don't forget to look at the &quot;What could have gone better&quot; and &quot;What went well&quot; points and try to find ways to make them actionable. --&gt;\n&lt;!-- For any work identified as part of this retrospective, add items to the POA to represent that work. --&gt;\n&lt;!-- For anything added to the POA, link the output of any work done in order to [connect the dots](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-connect-the-dots) --&gt;\n\n- [ ] All work identified as part of this retrospective has been added to the POA.\n\n### Improvements\n\nIf the organization were to do another issue like this one, what possibly different things would we like to try?\n\n- ...\n- ...\n\n&lt;!-- Enter &quot;None&quot; here if the task force does not expect to do another interim retrospective --&gt;\nNext interim retrospective planned: DATE\n\n&lt;sup&gt;[guidelines](https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#interim-retrospective) version 2023-08-04&lt;!--keystring:interim-retrospective--&gt;&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">## <span class=\"pl-en\">Interim retrospective</span></span>\n\nDate: YYYY-MM-DD\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Facilitation</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Consider which, if any, <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>facilitation<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> activities to list in the <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>What went well<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> and <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>What could have gone better<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> sections.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Evaluating progress</span></span>\n\nNow is a good time for the task force to <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>evaluate their progress<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/facilitation.md#evaluating-progress</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> towards achieving the goals of the issue.\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> If the task force is timeboxed, consider whether an extension is required to achieve the remaining goals or outcomes.\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Are there PoA or project board items in place to reflect the unmet nature of these goals?\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Are there new obstacles or problems that have arisen that need to be overcome before the original goals can be reached?\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Have any other goals or outcomes that should be pursued instead of the original goals or outcomes requested been communicated to the squad?\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Does the current task force have the skill and knowledge to tackle the changes to scope if the issue has been rescoped?\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> If the interim retrospective is in support of a time extension request, which is not the <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>first<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span> time extension request (i.e. it is second/third/etc.), the task force should retrospect on, and document, why the things causing the time extension request were not known at the time of the previous time extension request.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">What went well</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">What could have gone better</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Peer-to-peer feedback</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Reflect on aspects of personal behavior brought up during kickoff that task members have identified that they are working on improving and give them feedback on those topics. This can be done privately, if desired\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> Each task force member has considered, what, if any, <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>peer-to-peer feedback to give<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#feedback</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> (apart from feedback specifically solicited in the previous point), either during the retrospective or privately.\n  <span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> This includes sharing observations, asking questions, and other \"micro-feedback\" on topics that felt even a little bit off, or gave you pause, even if it's the first time you noticed them. Try not to worry about it possibly appearing as \"nitpicking\".\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Record observations</span></span>\n\nDo not forget to <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>record any observations<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-record-observations</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> that could be relevant to <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>track developments<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-track-developments</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span>. Track observations in <span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>Observations DB issues<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/search?q=org%3AParticular%20label%3A%22Observations%20DB%22&amp;type=issues</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> (create new issues if required).\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>{observation}<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>, tracked in <span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>{issue number}<span class=\"pl-s\">_</span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Action points</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Don't forget to look at the \"What could have gone better\" and \"What went well\" points and try to find ways to make them actionable. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> For any work identified as part of this retrospective, add items to the POA to represent that work. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> For anything added to the POA, link the output of any work done in order to [connect the dots](https://github.com/Particular/Strategy/blob/master/org-philosophy/organizational-philosophy.md#practice-connect-the-dots) <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> <span class=\"pl-k\">[ ]</span> All work identified as part of this retrospective has been added to the POA.\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Improvements</span></span>\n\nIf the organization were to do another issue like this one, what possibly different things would we like to try?\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> ...\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Enter \"None\" here if the task force does not expect to do another interim retrospective <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\nNext interim retrospective planned: DATE\n\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;<span class=\"pl-s\">[</span>guidelines<span class=\"pl-s\">]</span><span class=\"pl-s\">(</span><span class=\"pl-corl\">https://github.com/Particular/StaffSuccess/blob/master/guidelines/retrospectives.md#interim-retrospective</span><span class=\"pl-s\">)</span> version 2023-08-04<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span>keystring:interim-retrospective<span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n<h2 tabindex=\"-1\" dir=\"auto\"><a id=\"user-content-recording-signal-on-vision-issues\" class=\"anchor\" aria-hidden=\"true\" tabindex=\"-1\" href=\"#recording-signal-on-vision-issues\"><svg class=\"octicon octicon-link\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" version=\"1.1\" width=\"16\" height=\"16\" aria-hidden=\"true\"><path d=\"m7.775 3.275 1.25-1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1 4.95 4.95l-2.5 2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1-4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1 .018-1.042.751.751 0 0 1 1.042-.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l2.5-2.5a2.002 2.002 0 0 0-2.83-2.83l-1.25 1.25a.751.751 0 0 1-1.042-.018.751.751 0 0 1-.018-1.042Zm-4.69 9.64a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 2.83 0l1.25-1.25a.751.751 0 0 1 1.042.018.751.751 0 0 1 .018 1.042l-1.25 1.25a3.5 3.5 0 1 1-4.95-4.95l2.5-2.5a3.5 3.5 0 0 1 4.95 0 .751.751 0 0 1-.018 1.042.751.751 0 0 1-1.042.018 1.998 1.998 0 0 0-2.83 0l-2.5 2.5a1.998 1.998 0 0 0 0 2.83Z\"></path></svg></a>Recording signal on Vision issues</h2>\n<p dir=\"auto\">See the <a href=\"/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/blob/main/saved-replies.md\">instructions</a> for how to use this template as a saved reply.</p>\n<div class=\"highlight highlight-text-md notranslate position-relative overflow-auto\" dir=\"auto\" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content=\"### Contact information\n\n&lt;!-- Provide any publicly available contact and company information. For personally identifiable information use Salesforce instead.  --&gt;\n\n### Sources \n\n&lt;!-- Link to the related support case, discourse thread, GitHub issue, survey, etc. --&gt;\n\n### Context\n\nBased on the conversation, can you answer any of the following questions?\n\n- What type of application are they building?\n- Are they using this technology in production already?\n- What's the value this technology provides them?\n  - If they gave feedback that they're forced to use the technology, do they know why?\n  - What are the alternatives they considered?\n  - Are there alternatives that we already support? Did they consider those and why not?\n&lt;sup&gt;version 2023-06-22&lt;!--keystring:vision-signal--&gt;&lt;/sup&gt;\"><pre><span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Contact information</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Provide any publicly available contact and company information. For personally identifiable information use Salesforce instead.  <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Sources</span> </span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span> Link to the related support case, discourse thread, GitHub issue, survey, etc. <span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>\n\n<span class=\"pl-mh\">### <span class=\"pl-en\">Context</span></span>\n\nBased on the conversation, can you answer any of the following questions?\n\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> What type of application are they building?\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> Are they using this technology in production already?\n<span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> What's the value this technology provides them?\n  <span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> If they gave feedback that they're forced to use the technology, do they know why?\n  <span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> What are the alternatives they considered?\n  <span class=\"pl-v\">-</span> Are there alternatives that we already support? Did they consider those and why not?\n&lt;<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;version 2023-06-22<span class=\"pl-c\"><span class=\"pl-c\">&lt;!--</span>keystring:vision-signal<span class=\"pl-c\">--&gt;</span></span>&lt;/<span class=\"pl-ent\">sup</span>&gt;</pre></div>\n</article>",
      "renderedFileInfo": null,
      "shortPath": null,
      "tabSize": 8,
      "topBannersInfo": {
        "overridingGlobalFundingFile": false,
        "globalPreferredFundingPath": null,
        "repoOwner": "awright18",
        "repoName": "ParticularSavedReplies",
        "showInvalidCitationWarning": false,
        "citationHelpUrl": "https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/creating-a-repository-on-github/about-citation-files",
        "showDependabotConfigurationBanner": null,
        "actionsOnboardingTip": null
      },
      "truncated": false,
      "viewable": true,
      "workflowRedirectUrl": null,
      "symbols": {
        "timedOut": false,
        "notAnalyzed": true,
        "symbols": []
      }
    },
    "copilotInfo": {
      "documentationUrl": "https://docs.github.com/copilot/overview-of-github-copilot/about-github-copilot-for-business",
      "notices": {
        "codeViewPopover": {
          "dismissed": false,
          "dismissPath": "/settings/dismiss-notice/code_view_copilot_popover"
        }
      },
      "userAccess": {
        "accessAllowed": false,
        "hasSubscriptionEnded": false,
        "orgHasCFBAccess": false,
        "userHasCFIAccess": false,
        "userHasOrgs": true,
        "userIsOrgAdmin": false,
        "userIsOrgMember": false,
        "business": null,
        "featureRequestInfo": null
      }
    },
    "csrf_tokens": {
      "/awright18/ParticularSavedReplies/branches": {
        "post": "y02FTzYa7oXNJfeR_iqtcGf_uqlYwHTqduPp-UwvzAG-gpVoV98DKssasVOzd-DS90sxe9n49B3PpUnKqkIVMQ"
      },
      "/repos/preferences": {
        "post": "6I4RsfDYqgNmkm5klnhsMubWGM_gwUK-X1c_FGrl6fVhVC-fivaKvdd1eY0HAgUHaVNoZ0UKDTbXBnUZQg9Ykg"
      }
    }
  }
}